<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>Introduction to Response Groups: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 2, Lesson 19, Task 3</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Work Time</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 3: </span>Introduction to Response Groups</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>To get started, ask students who usually gives them feedback on their writing (<em>usually teachers or other adults</em>). Tell them that now they will be soliciting feedback from someone closer to their own age—their classmates.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Model how to conduct a Response Group. Choose two students to be in your group for the demonstration. Have one student read his or her interview report while you and the other student listen. After, the “listening” students ask the writer questions about his or her writing. Then another student takes a turn reading, until everyone has read his or her piece.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Use the Grade 3 Informational Writing Rubric to guide the discussion. Stress that feedback is polite and positive and that the writer is free not to take the suggestions of peers when revising. Model how to ask the speaker questions to clarify his or her remarks and build on the conversation of other members of the group.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Model what to do with the feedback. For example, if you received feedback suggesting that you add more facts to your report, show how you would indicate that bit of feedback on your Response Group Checklist for Informational Writing.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>To aid students with taking revision suggestions and putting them into their writing in the app, you might show how to place the cursor in the spot where you want to add more facts. Then just type them into that spot.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Ask students to review the procedure followed in the Response Group. Make a chart of the Response Group procedures. This discussion will help you to be certain that students know what is expected of them in Response Groups. Remember to reinforce the expectations for speaking and listening, including taking turns when speaking, asking clarifying questions, and building on the remarks of others.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Include in the chart how to form a Response Group when it is not part of a whole class activity.</p><ul><li>When should students form a Response Group? (when they are ready to revise and could use some feedback)</li><li>How will they choose group members? (other students who are at the same stage)</li><li>Where will students meet? (establish quiet areas in the classroom where small groups might meet)</li></ul></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Post the chart in the classroom.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Assign students to their Response Groups.</p></div><div class="amplifications"><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Emerging" class="proficiency-heading">Emerging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.3">P1.3.3</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Take into account language development and personality styles when creating the Response Groups, since Emerging ELLs can be very sensitive when receiving and giving feedback. As you circulate between groups, encourage ELLs to offer opinions and to negotiate with others using basic sentences. Give students the option of having a more English-proficient peer read their writing to the group. Provide students with an index card of possible questions to ask the other group members.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Expanding" class="proficiency-heading">Expanding <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.3">P1.3.3</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Take into account language development and personality styles when creating the Response Groups, since Expanding ELLs can be very sensitive when receiving and giving feedback. As you circulate between groups, encourage ELLs to offer opinions and to negotiate with others using expanded sentences. Give students the option of having a more English-proficient peer read their writing to the group. Provide students with an index card of possible questions to ask the other group members.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Bridging" class="proficiency-heading">Bridging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.3">P1.3.3</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Take into account language development and personality styles when creating the Response Groups, since Bridging ELLs can be very sensitive when receiving and giving feedback. As you circulate between groups, encourage ELLs to offer opinions and to negotiate with others using a variety of complex sentences. Direct students to the Informational Writing Rubric to use during the discussion.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Additional Materials" class="proficiency-heading">Additional Materials</h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Index cards</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="ELL Task Preparation" class="proficiency-heading">ELL Task Preparation</h3><div class="amp-content"><p>For each Response Group, create an index card of possible questions to ask other group members.</p></div></div></div></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>