<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>“Watching in the Wild”: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 3, Lesson 21, Task 4</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Work Time</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 4: </span>“Watching in the Wild”</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Read aloud the Watching and Learning section of the annotated version of “Watching in the Wild.”</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Today, you will read with students to make sure they understand what this text is about; in other words, what is the text saying explicitly?</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>As you work your way through this text, ask students for their input to help you complete the Jane Goodall and the Chimps—What They Did chart. You should record two things:</p><ul><li>What Jane Goodall did while watching and engaging with the chimps</li><li>What the chimps did in Jane’s presence</li></ul></div><div class="amplifications"><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Emerging" class="proficiency-heading">Emerging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.5">P1.3.5</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>When listening to “Watching in the Wild,” have Emerging ELLs demonstrate active listening by asking and answering basic questions with prompting and substantial support. Reread the text and stop often to help students process what they have heard and seen. Have students identify what Jane Goodall does by pointing to the textual evidence in the article.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Expanding" class="proficiency-heading">Expanding <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.5">P1.3.5</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>When listening to “Watching in the Wild,” have Expanding ELLs demonstrate active listening by asking and answering detailed questions with occasional prompting and moderate support. Have students answer the two questions using the following sentence frames:</p><ul><li>Jane Goodall did _____.</li><li>The chimps did _____.</li></ul></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Bridging" class="proficiency-heading">Bridging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.5">P1.3.5</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>When listening to “Watching in the Wild,” have Bridging ELLs demonstrate active listening by asking and answering detailed questions with minimal prompting and light support. Have students respond to the two questions with more complex sentence structures using the following sentence frames:</p><ul><li>While watching and engaging with the chimps, Jane Goodall did _____.</li><li>In Jane’s presence, the chimps did _____.</li></ul></div></div></div></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>