<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>Benchmark (Cold Write): Opinion: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 3, Lesson 21, Task 2</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Work Time</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 2: </span>Benchmark (Cold Write): Opinion</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Direct students to take the assessment.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>After class, assess each student’s opinion piece by using the scoring guide. Students will have opportunities to write opinion texts throughout the year during which they will have instruction on how to revise and edit their pieces. The information you’ve gained from scoring this benchmark piece of writing will guide you in tailoring your writing instruction to individual student needs.</p></div><div class="amplifications"><div class="amp swd" data-amplification-type="swd"><div class="col"><div class="amp-content"><p>In grading, emphasize the accuracy and quality of completed writing. In addition, since the objective is to measure knowledge of opinion writing, do not penalize for handwriting, mechanics, length, and the like. Instead, allow students to make corrections before grading these aspects.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Emerging" class="proficiency-heading">Emerging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.11">P1.3.11</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Review the term “opinion.” Define it if necessary. Ensure Emerging ELLs are familiar with the terms in the prompt. For the Cold Write, allow Emerging ELLs to offer a response orally. You or a scribe can record it. Note: You will need to score this manually or enter the response yourself.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Expanding" class="proficiency-heading">Expanding <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.11">P1.3.11</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Review the term “opinion.” Define it if necessary. Ensure Expanding ELLs are familiar with the terms in the prompt. Expanding ELLs can make a bulleted list of opinion writing elements. If they have writing proficiency in their home language, they can include ideas and notes as a bridge. However, the submission should be in English.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Bridging" class="proficiency-heading">Bridging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.11">P1.3.11</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Review the term “opinion.” Define it if necessary. Ensure Bridging ELLs are familiar with the terms in the prompt. Bridging ELLs will make a list of opinion writing elements and an organizational plan before they write their opinion piece.</p></div></div></div></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>If students finish before time is up, direct them to other activities.</p></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>