<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>What Is Your Opinion?: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 3, Lesson 21, Task 1</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Opening</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 1: </span>What Is Your Opinion?</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Have students share what they already know about opinion writing.</p></div><div class="amplifications"><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Emerging" class="proficiency-heading">Emerging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.1">P1.3.1</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>When sharing what they already know about opinion writing, Emerging ELLs can express their ideas by asking <em>yes-no</em> and <em>wh-</em> questions and responding in short phrases.</p><ul><li>I know _____.</li></ul></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Expanding" class="proficiency-heading">Expanding <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.1">P1.3.1</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>When sharing what they already know about opinion writing, Expanding ELLs should answer in complete sentences. Provide sentence frames such as:</p><ul><li>Opinion writing is _____.</li><li>I know _____.</li></ul></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Bridging" class="proficiency-heading">Bridging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P1.3.1">P1.3.1</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>The amplification in the Expanding level also applies for this level.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp swd" data-amplification-type="swd"><div class="col"><div class="amp-content"><p>Ensure that students understand the difference between informational and opinion writing so that they are prepared to do the latter in the assessment.</p></div></div></div></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>In the next task, students will take the assessment. Be prepared to do the following:</p><ul><li>Answer any questions that are not of a substantive nature, providing no additional guidance about the prompt.</li><li>Do a quick thumbs-up/thumbs-down check to ensure that students understand the prompt and are ready to begin writing. Remind students that they will have only 20 minutes to write.</li><li>Tell students to begin working. When the allotted time has elapsed, tell students to stop working.</li><li>If students finish before time is up, direct them to other activities.</li></ul></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>