<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>Vocabulary: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 3, Lesson 21, Task 3</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Work Time</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 3: </span>Vocabulary</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Tell students that they will soon be learning six new words that they will encounter in their reading: <em>discouraged</em>, <em>perch</em>, <em>recognized</em>, <em>personality</em>, <em>accustomed</em>, and <em>observations</em>.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Explain that in this task you are going to focus on <em>discouraged</em>, <em>recognized</em>, and <em>accustomed</em>. Use the following questions and discussion points to go over these words.</p><ul><li>Ask students:
<ul><li>Have you ever felt frustrated because you couldn’t do something that you wanted to do? For example, have you ever tried to roller skate but became discouraged when you kept falling down? Turn to a partner and talk about a time when you became discouraged.</li><li>Then explain that Jane Goodall, the person they’re going to read about, wanted to observe chimpanzees in the wild, but she became discouraged because they kept hiding from her.</li></ul></li><li>Have students say in their own words what <em>recognize means.</em> Then read aloud the following sentence<strong>:</strong> “Gradually, though, the chimps began to recognize Jane.”
<ul><li>Have students explain what the sentence is saying. (<em>The chimps began to know and remember Jane</em>.)</li></ul></li><li>Ask the following question:
<ul><li>Have you become accustomed to, or used to, the way we do things in our classroom?<br></br>
I hope so! You’re going to learn how the chimpanzees became accustomed to Jane Goodall watching them every day.</li><li>Have students name something they had to become accustomed to, such as a new routine, a new sibling, or a new home.</li></ul></li></ul></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Remind students to enter the three words into their Personal Notebook along with a short definition for each word.</p></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>