<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>Portfolios: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 2, Lesson 19, Task 5</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Work Time</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 5: </span>Portfolios</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Ask students to say what they know about portfolios. Then explain that a portfolio is a collection of someone’s best work, whether it is artwork, photographs, or writing. Tell students that they will be assembling a portfolio of their finest reading, writing, and speaking and listening. The process of collecting this body of work will happen over the course of the year. Tell students that they will be given time and support to do this so that they can make their portfolio a testament to their hard work.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Inform students that they will write (and publish) at least one piece in three genres over the course of the year: narrative, informational, and opinion. They will also be writing a research piece.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Remind them that they have already written two pieces this term: one in the narrative genre and one in the informational genre. These can go into their portfolio for now. However, it is important for students to understand that, as their writing gets stronger over the year, they will be removing weaker pieces and replacing those with stronger pieces of writing. So the portfolio is not a work folder.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Tell students that there will be a total of 10 pieces in their portfolio by the end of third grade: 4 pieces of writing and 4 reflections on the importance of each piece of work for writing, their completed Reading Log along with a reflection on how they have grown as a reader, and a written reflection on their participation in discussions. Explain that they will choose one piece to use as the basis of a letter that will introduce them to their next year’s teacher and show what they can do as a writer.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Ask students if they have any questions about keeping a portfolio.</p></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>