<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>Independent Reading: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 3, Lesson 21, Task 6</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Work Time</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 6: </span>Independent Reading</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Explain the tasks for Work Time:</p><ul><li>Read independently for 30 minutes.</li><li>Record their reading in their Reading Log.</li><li>Rate their Independent Reading.</li></ul></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Once the students have settled into their tasks, continue conferring. Limit the time for each conference to about 7 minutes. You’ll get to three students today.</p></div></li></ul><h5>Decodables</h5><div class="text_section"><div class="content"><p>For students who might benefit from reading texts with more phonics support, use the decodable texts that are available.</p></div></div><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>This lesson’s titles are <em>Clint’s Clam Chowder</em> and <em>Roy, Dad, and Scout</em>.</p></div></li><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Follow this suggested sequence when using the decodable books:</p><ul><li>Have students read the high frequency words.</li><li>Have students read the title and preview the text.</li><li>Pair students for reading and listen as they read. Have students read the entire story, switching readers after each page. Have partners reread the story. Make sure the students are monitoring their reading.</li><li>Have students discuss the story including the characters, setting, and events.</li><li>Encourage students to reread and record their reading, listening to be sure the reading is fluent.</li></ul></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>