<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html
  PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html><head lang="en"><meta charset="UTF-8"></meta><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"></meta><title>Reflection on Feedback: ELA, Grade 3, Unit 1&gt;
            , Episode 2, Lesson 19, Task 7</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../teacher-template.css"></link></head><body class="task"><div id="wrapper" data-template-type="2-12"><div id="frame"><section id="content"><div class="routine-type"><span>Closing</span></div><h1 class="title"><span class="task-num">Task 7: </span>Reflection on Feedback</h1><div class="tasks-section"><ul id="tasks-list"><li class="task" data-task-id=""><div class="task-content"><ul class="content-list"><li class="content-list-item"><div class="content"><p>Have students write their reflections on feedback received from the Response Groups in their Notebook. Ask them to be specific in their writing:</p><ul><li>Where did they make a revision as a result of a classmate’s suggestion?</li><li>If they didn’t use any suggestions from classmates, what were their reasons?</li></ul></div><div class="amplifications"><div class="amp swd" data-amplification-type="swd"><div class="col"><div class="amp-content"><p>Self-reflection on learning can be challenging for SWDs as they may have a fragile view of themselves as students. Provide scaffolding questions as support during this task. In addition, allow students with writing challenges to audio record their reflection.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Emerging" class="proficiency-heading">Emerging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P.2.3.3">P.2.3.3</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Bring Emerging ELLs together and engage students in a collaborative writing of their reflections. Define “reflection” and “feedback” using examples and simpler sentences. Provide a structure for the reflections by offering these sentence frames:</p><ul><li>My classmate suggested _____.</li><li>I did/did not make a revision.</li><li>I think _____.</li></ul><p>Remind students to use the Spelling Strategies and Editing Strategies Checklists to incorporate key words into their reflections. Encourage students to use frequently used verbs to recount their experience during the Response Group.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Expanding" class="proficiency-heading">Expanding <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P.2.3.3">P.2.3.3</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Expanding ELLs can have the support of a partner when writing their reflections. Provide a structure for the reflections by offering these sentence frames:</p><ul><li>My classmate suggested revisions in the following spots _____.</li><li>I agreed/disagreed with their suggestions, so I did/did not incorporate them because _____.</li></ul><p>Encourage students to use a growing number of verb types to recount their experience during the Response Group.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Bridging" class="proficiency-heading">Bridging <em class="standard-id" data-display="hidden" data-standard-id="P.2.3.3">P.2.3.3</em></h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Allow Bridging ELLs to decide if they would like to work independently or with the support of a partner while writing the reflection. The sentence frames used in the Expanding level can also be used here if students need structure.</p><p>Encourage students to use a variety of verb types to recount their experience during the Response Group.</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="Additional Materials" class="proficiency-heading">Additional Materials</h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Materials to provide sentence frames</p></div></div></div><div class="amp ell" data-amplification-type="ell"><div class="col"><h3 data-proficiency-type="ELL Task Preparation" class="proficiency-heading">ELL Task Preparation</h3><div class="amp-content"><p>Prepare sentence frames for ELLs to use in Task 7.</p></div></div></div></div></li></ul></div></li></ul></div></section></div></div><script src="scripts/jquery.js">//</script>
          &#x2028;&#x2028;<script src="scripts/teacher-template.js">//</script></body></html>